 Heather Richter Lipford Professor Graduate Program Director Department of Software and Information Systems University of North Carolina at Charlotte Office: 305E Woodward Hall Phone: +1 704-687-8376 Email: Heather.Lipford at uncc.edu Background Dr. Heather Richter Lipford is a Professor at UNC Charlotte, and is also the Graduate Program Director of the MS in Information Technology and MS in Cybersecurity in the SIS department. She completed her Ph.D. from the College of Computing at the Georgia Institute of Technology. Her research interests include Human-Computer Interaction, usable privacy and security, and social computing. She is co-directing the HCI Lab and is a member of the UNCC Cyber Defense and Network Assurability Center . News I am Vice Chair of the Symposium on Usable Privacy and Security (SOUPS). Contact me to learn more about sponsorship or organizational activities I am a Co-Editor for the Department on SocioTechnical Aspects of Security and Privacy for IEEE S&P Magazine. If you have ideas for articles, please email me! The Master's degree in Cybersecurity at UNCC is now available! Research My primary research interest is Usable Security and Privacy - the intersection of Human Computer Interaction and information security and privacy. Active Projects Interactive Static Analysis : Exploring tools within the IDE for improving the awareness, knowledge, and practice of secure programming among developers. Secure Programming Education in the IDE : Providing educational support for students to learn how to recognize and prevent security vulnerabilities in their code. Usable Security and Privacy Body of Knowledge : Creating a framework of topics and learning objectives to organize the usable security and privacy discipline, along with online educational resources for students and faculty. PrIncipedia : A privacy incidents database Leveraging Community for Security and Privacy : Exploring how to utilize decisions and oversight from a community of users to aid in security and privacy decision making. Previous Projects Improving Privacy on Social Network Sites : Investigating how people are sharing and protecting their information on social network sites and mobile platforms, and proposing new interfaces and privacy mechanisms to improve privacy management. Recent Publications See my CV or Google Scholar profile for a complete list of publications. Simson Garfinkel and Heather Richter Lipford. Usable Security: History, Themes, and Challenges . Synthesis Lectures on Information Security, Privacy, and Trust, Morgan & Claypool, September 2014. Pamela Wisniewski, A.K.M. Najmul Islam, Heather Richter Lipford, and David Wilson. Framing and Measuring Multi-Dimensional Interpersonal Privacy Preferences of Social Networking Site Users. Communications of the Association of Information Systems, 38, January 2016. Jason Watson, Andrew Besmer, and Heather Richter Lipford. Mapping User Preference to Privacy Default Settings . ACM Transactions on Human Computer Interaction, December 2015. 22(6), pp 1-20. Mahmoud Mohammadi, Bill Chu, Heather Richter Lipford, and Emerson Murphy-Hill. Automatic Web Security Unit Testing: XSS Vulnerability Detection. In the Proceedings of the IEEE/ACM Workshop on Automated Software Testing (AST 2016), May 2016. Tyler Thomas, Justin Smith, Bill Chu, Emerson Murphy-Hill, and Heather Richter Lipford. A Study of Interactive Code Annotation for Access Control Vulnerabilities. In the Proceedings of the IEEE Symposium on Visual Languages and Human-Centric Computing (VL/HCC 2015), October, 2015. Michael Whitney, Heather Richter Lipford, Bill Chu, Jun Zhu. Embedding Secure Coding Instruction into the IDE: A Field Study in an Advanced CS Course . In the Proceedings of SIGCSE 2015, the 46th Technical Symposium on Computer Science Education, March 2015. Teaching Below are the courses that I commonly teach. Current course materials can be found on canvas or Moodle. ITIS 2300: Introduction to Web Based Application Development ITIS 3130: Introduction to Human Computer Interaction ITIS 6400/8400: Principles of Human Computer Interaction ITIS 4420/6420/8420: Usable Security and Privacy Ph.D. Students Abdulmajeed Alqhatani Stacey Watson Madiha Tabbasum Ambarish Regmi Erik Northrop Tyler Thomas Michael Whitney (Ph.D. 2015): Assistant Professor, Winthrop University Jason Watson (Ph.D. 2014): Assistant Professor, University of North Alabama Andrew Besmer (Ph.D. 2013): Assistant Professor, Winthrop University Pamela Wisniewski (Ph.D. 2012, with Dave Wilson): Assistant Professor, University of Central Florida Jing Xie (Ph.D. 2012, with Bill Chu): FireEye Security 
 Skip to main content Alumni & Friends Community Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Family Prospective Students Campus Resources My UNC Charlotte Directory Campus Events Library Prospective Students About UNC Charlotte Campus Life Admissions Graduate Admissions Faculty and Staff Human Resources Auxiliary Services Inside UNC Charlotte Academic Affairs Current Students Athletics Financial Aid Advising Student Health Center Alumni and Friends Alumni Association Advancement Foundation Make a Gift Toggle navigation College of Computing and Informatics Facebook Twitter Maps Home About Us CCI Information, Updates and FAQs - Coronavirus The Dean's Welcome Map and Directions CCI Brochure - 2019 Technology Resources Diversity Job Opportunities Mission and Values Policies and Procedures Dean Mili's Blog - Treading Softly CCI Alumni Network Giving Directory Directory Search Office of the Dean Dean's Advisory Board Faculty Staff Post Docs Ph.D. Students Contact Us Calendar Departments CCI Departments Bioinformatics and Genomics (BiG) Computer Science (CS) Software and Information Systems (SIS) Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Studies Graduate Programs Doctoral Degrees Graduate Certificates CCI Honors Program Research CCI Research Areas Research Office Research Opportunity Database NEW Funding Opportunities Funded Research Database Faculty Areas of Expertise Labs and Centers CCI Innovation Fund Research Seminars Undergraduate Research Research FAQ Student Life Student Life at UNC Charlotte Student Center CCI Advising CCI Mentoring Learning Community Technology Resources Laptop Policy Student Resources Undergraduate Tutoring Student Clubs & Organizations CCI Dean's Ambassador Program Scholarships Partners Business Partners Media News Photo Galleries Video Archive Home Debarati Basu Debarati Basu Directory Directory Search Office of the Dean Dean's Advisory Board Faculty Staff Post Docs Ph.D. Students Contact Us Software and Information Systems Assistant Teaching Professor alumni scholarship fund The Alumni Gives Scholarship allows students to pursue their dreams and contribute to the technology community. This needs-based scholarship empowers students to overcome financial hurdles while pursuing their education goals and gives preference to underrepresented populations within the CCI student body. Give to alumni Crowdfund Additional Campus Resources Campus Links Alerts Jobs Make a Gift Maps / Directions Accessibility Resources Alumni & Friends Faculty & Staff Prospective Students Community Current Students Parents and Family Stay In Touch facebook instagram flickr linkedin twitter youtube maps The University of North Carolina at Charlotte 9201 University City Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28223-0001 704-687-8622 2020 UNC Charlotte | All Rights Reserved Contact Us | Terms of Use | University Policies 
 Skip to main content Alumni & Friends Community Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Family Prospective Students Campus Resources My UNC Charlotte Directory Campus Events Library Prospective Students About UNC Charlotte Campus Life Admissions Graduate Admissions Faculty and Staff Human Resources Auxiliary Services Inside UNC Charlotte Academic Affairs Current Students Athletics Financial Aid Advising Student Health Center Alumni and Friends Alumni Association Advancement Foundation Make a Gift Toggle navigation College of Computing and Informatics Facebook Twitter Maps Home About Us CCI Information, Updates and FAQs - Coronavirus The Dean's Welcome Map and Directions CCI Brochure - 2019 Technology Resources Diversity Job Opportunities Mission and Values Policies and Procedures Dean Mili's Blog - Treading Softly CCI Alumni Network Giving Directory Directory Search Office of the Dean Dean's Advisory Board Faculty Staff Post Docs Ph.D. Students Contact Us Calendar Departments CCI Departments Bioinformatics and Genomics (BiG) Computer Science (CS) Software and Information Systems (SIS) Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Studies Graduate Programs Doctoral Degrees Graduate Certificates CCI Honors Program Research CCI Research Areas Research Office Research Opportunity Database NEW Funding Opportunities Funded Research Database Faculty Areas of Expertise Labs and Centers CCI Innovation Fund Research Seminars Undergraduate Research Research FAQ Student Life Student Life at UNC Charlotte Student Center CCI Advising CCI Mentoring Learning Community Technology Resources Laptop Policy Student Resources Undergraduate Tutoring Student Clubs & Organizations CCI Dean's Ambassador Program Scholarships Partners Business Partners Media News Photo Galleries Video Archive Home Lijuan Cao Lijuan Cao Directory Directory Search Office of the Dean Dean's Advisory Board Faculty Staff Post Docs Ph.D. Students Contact Us Software and Information Systems Teaching Associate Professor Woodward 333B lcao2@uncc.edu Dr. Cao is a Teaching Associate Professor at UNC Charlotte. Previously, she worked as an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at Johnson C. Smith University. She received her Ph.D. in Information Technology from UNC Charlotte in 2008. Her research primarily focuses on wireless networking and mobile computing with an emphasis on ad hoc networks, mobile crowd sensing, mobility models, and the modeling and simulation of network protocols. alumni scholarship fund The Alumni Gives Scholarship allows students to pursue their dreams and contribute to the technology community. This needs-based scholarship empowers students to overcome financial hurdles while pursuing their education goals and gives preference to underrepresented populations within the CCI student body. Give to alumni Crowdfund Additional Campus Resources Campus Links Alerts Jobs Make a Gift Maps / Directions Accessibility Resources Alumni & Friends Faculty & Staff Prospective Students Community Current Students Parents and Family Stay In Touch facebook instagram flickr linkedin twitter youtube maps The University of North Carolina at Charlotte 9201 University City Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28223-0001 704-687-8622 2020 UNC Charlotte | All Rights Reserved Contact Us | Terms of Use | University Policies 
 Skip to main content Alumni & Friends Community Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Family Prospective Students Campus Resources My UNC Charlotte Directory Campus Events Library Prospective Students About UNC Charlotte Campus Life Admissions Graduate Admissions Faculty and Staff Human Resources Auxiliary Services Inside UNC Charlotte Academic Affairs Current Students Athletics Financial Aid Advising Student Health Center Alumni and Friends Alumni Association Advancement Foundation Make a Gift Toggle navigation College of Computing and Informatics Facebook Twitter Maps Home About Us CCI Information, Updates and FAQs - Coronavirus The Dean's Welcome Map and Directions CCI Brochure - 2019 Technology Resources Diversity Job Opportunities Mission and Values Policies and Procedures Dean Mili's Blog - Treading Softly CCI Alumni Network Giving Directory Directory Search Office of the Dean Dean's Advisory Board Faculty Staff Post Docs Ph.D. Students Contact Us Calendar Departments CCI Departments Bioinformatics and Genomics (BiG) Computer Science (CS) Software and Information Systems (SIS) Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Studies Graduate Programs Doctoral Degrees Graduate Certificates CCI Honors Program Research CCI Research Areas Research Office Research Opportunity Database NEW Funding Opportunities Funded Research Database Faculty Areas of Expertise Labs and Centers CCI Innovation Fund Research Seminars Undergraduate Research Research FAQ Student Life Student Life at UNC Charlotte Student Center CCI Advising CCI Mentoring Learning Community Technology Resources Laptop Policy Student Resources Undergraduate Tutoring Student Clubs & Organizations CCI Dean's Ambassador Program Scholarships Partners Business Partners Media News Photo Galleries Video Archive Home Bill Chu Bill Chu Directory Directory Search Office of the Dean Dean's Advisory Board Faculty Staff Post Docs Ph.D. Students Contact Us Software and Information Systems Professor Woodward 310F 704-687-8661 billchu@uncc.edu Degree Institution: University of Maryland, College Park Degree: Ph.D. Computer Science Year Graduated: 1988 Research Description: Enterprise Integration, Information Privacy and Security, Electronic Commerce, and Computer integrated manufacturing. alumni scholarship fund The Alumni Gives Scholarship allows students to pursue their dreams and contribute to the technology community. This needs-based scholarship empowers students to overcome financial hurdles while pursuing their education goals and gives preference to underrepresented populations within the CCI student body. Give to alumni Crowdfund Additional Campus Resources Campus Links Alerts Jobs Make a Gift Maps / Directions Accessibility Resources Alumni & Friends Faculty & Staff Prospective Students Community Current Students Parents and Family Stay In Touch facebook instagram flickr linkedin twitter youtube maps The University of North Carolina at Charlotte 9201 University City Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28223-0001 704-687-8622 2020 UNC Charlotte | All Rights Reserved Contact Us | Terms of Use | University Policies 
 Skip to main content Alumni & Friends Community Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Family Prospective Students Campus Resources My UNC Charlotte Directory Campus Events Library Prospective Students About UNC Charlotte Campus Life Admissions Graduate Admissions Faculty and Staff Human Resources Auxiliary Services Inside UNC Charlotte Academic Affairs Current Students Athletics Financial Aid Advising Student Health Center Alumni and Friends Alumni Association Advancement Foundation Make a Gift Toggle navigation College of Computing and Informatics Facebook Twitter Maps Home About Us CCI Information, Updates and FAQs - Coronavirus The Dean's Welcome Map and Directions CCI Brochure - 2019 Technology Resources Diversity Job Opportunities Mission and Values Policies and Procedures Dean Mili's Blog - Treading Softly CCI Alumni Network Giving Directory Directory Search Office of the Dean Dean's Advisory Board Faculty Staff Post Docs Ph.D. Students Contact Us Calendar Departments CCI Departments Bioinformatics and Genomics (BiG) Computer Science (CS) Software and Information Systems (SIS) Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Studies Graduate Programs Doctoral Degrees Graduate Certificates CCI Honors Program Research CCI Research Areas Research Office Research Opportunity Database NEW Funding Opportunities Funded Research Database Faculty Areas of Expertise Labs and Centers CCI Innovation Fund Research Seminars Undergraduate Research Research FAQ Student Life Student Life at UNC Charlotte Student Center CCI Advising CCI Mentoring Learning Community Technology Resources Laptop Policy Student Resources Undergraduate Tutoring Student Clubs & Organizations CCI Dean's Ambassador Program Scholarships Partners Business Partners Media News Photo Galleries Video Archive Home Nicholas Davis Nicholas Davis Directory Directory Search Office of the Dean Dean's Advisory Board Faculty Staff Post Docs Ph.D. Students Contact Us Software and Information Systems Assistant Professor Woodward 333D 704-687-8769 ndavis64@uncc.edu alumni scholarship fund The Alumni Gives Scholarship allows students to pursue their dreams and contribute to the technology community. This needs-based scholarship empowers students to overcome financial hurdles while pursuing their education goals and gives preference to underrepresented populations within the CCI student body. Give to alumni Crowdfund Additional Campus Resources Campus Links Alerts Jobs Make a Gift Maps / Directions Accessibility Resources Alumni & Friends Faculty & Staff Prospective Students Community Current Students Parents and Family Stay In Touch facebook instagram flickr linkedin twitter youtube maps The University of North Carolina at Charlotte 9201 University City Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28223-0001 704-687-8622 2020 UNC Charlotte | All Rights Reserved Contact Us | Terms of Use | University Policies 
 Skip to main content Alumni & Friends Community Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Family Prospective Students Campus Resources My UNC Charlotte Directory Campus Events Library Prospective Students About UNC Charlotte Campus Life Admissions Graduate Admissions Faculty and Staff Human Resources Auxiliary Services Inside UNC Charlotte Academic Affairs Current Students Athletics Financial Aid Advising Student Health Center Alumni and Friends Alumni Association Advancement Foundation Make a Gift Toggle navigation College of Computing and Informatics Facebook Twitter Maps Home About Us CCI Information, Updates and FAQs - Coronavirus The Dean's Welcome Map and Directions CCI Brochure - 2019 Technology Resources Diversity Job Opportunities Mission and Values Policies and Procedures Dean Mili's Blog - Treading Softly CCI Alumni Network Giving Directory Directory Search Office of the Dean Dean's Advisory Board Faculty Staff Post Docs Ph.D. Students Contact Us Calendar Departments CCI Departments Bioinformatics and Genomics (BiG) Computer Science (CS) Software and Information Systems (SIS) Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Studies Graduate Programs Doctoral Degrees Graduate Certificates CCI Honors Program Research CCI Research Areas Research Office Research Opportunity Database NEW Funding Opportunities Funded Research Database Faculty Areas of Expertise Labs and Centers CCI Innovation Fund Research Seminars Undergraduate Research Research FAQ Student Life Student Life at UNC Charlotte Student Center CCI Advising CCI Mentoring Learning Community Technology Resources Laptop Policy Student Resources Undergraduate Tutoring Student Clubs & Organizations CCI Dean's Ambassador Program Scholarships Partners Business Partners Media News Photo Galleries Video Archive Home Yaorong Ge Yaorong Ge Directory Directory Search Office of the Dean Dean's Advisory Board Faculty Staff Post Docs Ph.D. Students Contact Us Software and Information Systems Professor Woodward 333E 704-687-1951 yge@uncc.edu Personal Website: https://cci-hit.uncc.edu/ Degree Institution: Vanderbilt University Degree: Ph.D. Research Description: Health Informatics, Clinical Information and Decision Support Systems, Data Warehousing, Data Analytics, Machine Learning, Medical Imaging and Image Analysis Yaorong Ge, Ph,D., comes to the Department of Software and Information Systems as a tenured Associate Professor after serving as an Associate Professor in the Department of Biomedical Engineering and the Center of Biomedical Informatics at Wake Forest University Health Sciences (WFUHS). He received his Ph.D. in Computer Science-Medical Engineering from Vanderbilt University (1995). Dr. Ge has extensive experience in imaging informatics and medical informatics. He was a part of the virtual colonoscopy research group that initiated and advanced the development of virtual colonoscopy, a minimally invasive technology for colorectal cancer screening. His expertise in imaging includes image registration, segmentation, skeletonization, computer-aided diagnosis, and radiology structured reporting. Dr. Ge also has strong experience in industry-strength software development. He co-founded and managed a medical software company to commercialize virtual colonoscopy and radiology structured reporting technologies. As Chief Technology Officer of the company, he established rigorous software engineering processes and a strong engineering team that produced state-of-the-art, FDA cleared imaging information systems, as well as a clinical ontology for radiology reporting. After the startup was acquired by IDX Corporation, an industry leader in healthcare IT before being merged into GE Healthcare, he became the Director of the software development team of IDXs radiology information system division. Since returning to academia in mid 2006, Dr. Ge has been focusing on imaging informatics research and ontology-based informatics systems development, which includes research ontologies, data grids, and data discovery and mining algorithms. To this end, he has developed an information management system for population-based cardiovascular studies, building on state-of-the-art open source technologies. This system has been successfully deployed in the Jackson Heart Study (JHS) Reading Center, the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study Reading Center, and several other research studies at WFUHS to manage imaging results of both human and primate populations. He is also led the development of the WFUHS Translational Data Warehouse (TDW) based on the i2b2 open source technologies. The current version of TDW is hosting de-identified clinical data of more than 1.7 million patients including their demographics, vitals, diagnoses, procedures, labs, and medication. In a recently funded ARRA Grand Opportunity grant, Dr. Ge led the development of a novel technology for effective sharing of clinical medical imaging data among rural and urban healthcare providers. This project investigates both the patient and provider needs for medical image sharing and the technologies that can effectively meet these needs. alumni scholarship fund The Alumni Gives Scholarship allows students to pursue their dreams and contribute to the technology community. This needs-based scholarship empowers students to overcome financial hurdles while pursuing their education goals and gives preference to underrepresented populations within the CCI student body. Give to alumni Crowdfund Additional Campus Resources Campus Links Alerts Jobs Make a Gift Maps / Directions Accessibility Resources Alumni & Friends Faculty & Staff Prospective Students Community Current Students Parents and Family Stay In Touch facebook instagram flickr linkedin twitter youtube maps The University of North Carolina at Charlotte 9201 University City Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28223-0001 704-687-8622 2020 UNC Charlotte | All Rights Reserved Contact Us | Terms of Use | University Policies 
 Skip to main content Alumni & Friends Community Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Family Prospective Students Campus Resources My UNC Charlotte Directory Campus Events Library Prospective Students About UNC Charlotte Campus Life Admissions Graduate Admissions Faculty and Staff Human Resources Auxiliary Services Inside UNC Charlotte Academic Affairs Current Students Athletics Financial Aid Advising Student Health Center Alumni and Friends Alumni Association Advancement Foundation Make a Gift Toggle navigation College of Computing and Informatics Facebook Twitter Maps Home About Us CCI Information, Updates and FAQs - Coronavirus The Dean's Welcome Map and Directions CCI Brochure - 2019 Technology Resources Diversity Job Opportunities Mission and Values Policies and Procedures Dean Mili's Blog - Treading Softly CCI Alumni Network Giving Directory Directory Search Office of the Dean Dean's Advisory Board Faculty Staff Post Docs Ph.D. Students Contact Us Calendar Departments CCI Departments Bioinformatics and Genomics (BiG) Computer Science (CS) Software and Information Systems (SIS) Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Studies Graduate Programs Doctoral Degrees Graduate Certificates CCI Honors Program Research CCI Research Areas Research Office Research Opportunity Database NEW Funding Opportunities Funded Research Database Faculty Areas of Expertise Labs and Centers CCI Innovation Fund Research Seminars Undergraduate Research Research FAQ Student Life Student Life at UNC Charlotte Student Center CCI Advising CCI Mentoring Learning Community Technology Resources Laptop Policy Student Resources Undergraduate Tutoring Student Clubs & Organizations CCI Dean's Ambassador Program Scholarships Partners Business Partners Media News Photo Galleries Video Archive Home Mirsad Hadzikadic Mirsad Hadzikadic Directory Directory Search Office of the Dean Dean's Advisory Board Faculty Staff Post Docs Ph.D. Students Contact Us Software and Information Systems Director of Complex Systems Institute/ Professor Woodward 343A 704-687-8643 mirsad@uncc.edu Personal Website: http://webpages.uncc.edu/mirsad/ Degree Institution: Southern Methodist University Degree: Ph.D. Year Graduated: 1987 Research Description: Complex Adaptive Systems/Simulation and Modeling, Health Informatics/Population Health, Data Mining/Analytics, Cognitive Science/Brain Informatics/Neuroeconomics alumni scholarship fund The Alumni Gives Scholarship allows students to pursue their dreams and contribute to the technology community. This needs-based scholarship empowers students to overcome financial hurdles while pursuing their education goals and gives preference to underrepresented populations within the CCI student body. Give to alumni Crowdfund Additional Campus Resources Campus Links Alerts Jobs Make a Gift Maps / Directions Accessibility Resources Alumni & Friends Faculty & Staff Prospective Students Community Current Students Parents and Family Stay In Touch facebook instagram flickr linkedin twitter youtube maps The University of North Carolina at Charlotte 9201 University City Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28223-0001 704-687-8622 2020 UNC Charlotte | All Rights Reserved Contact Us | Terms of Use | University Policies 
 Skip to main content Alumni & Friends Community Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Family Prospective Students Campus Resources My UNC Charlotte Directory Campus Events Library Prospective Students About UNC Charlotte Campus Life Admissions Graduate Admissions Faculty and Staff Human Resources Auxiliary Services Inside UNC Charlotte Academic Affairs Current Students Athletics Financial Aid Advising Student Health Center Alumni and Friends Alumni Association Advancement Foundation Make a Gift Toggle navigation College of Computing and Informatics Facebook Twitter Maps Home About Us CCI Information, Updates and FAQs - Coronavirus The Dean's Welcome Map and Directions CCI Brochure - 2019 Technology Resources Diversity Job Opportunities Mission and Values Policies and Procedures Dean Mili's Blog - Treading Softly CCI Alumni Network Giving Directory Directory Search Office of the Dean Dean's Advisory Board Faculty Staff Post Docs Ph.D. Students Contact Us Calendar Departments CCI Departments Bioinformatics and Genomics (BiG) Computer Science (CS) Software and Information Systems (SIS) Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Studies Graduate Programs Doctoral Degrees Graduate Certificates CCI Honors Program Research CCI Research Areas Research Office Research Opportunity Database NEW Funding Opportunities Funded Research Database Faculty Areas of Expertise Labs and Centers CCI Innovation Fund Research Seminars Undergraduate Research Research FAQ Student Life Student Life at UNC Charlotte Student Center CCI Advising CCI Mentoring Learning Community Technology Resources Laptop Policy Student Resources Undergraduate Tutoring Student Clubs & Organizations CCI Dean's Ambassador Program Scholarships Partners Business Partners Media News Photo Galleries Video Archive Home Thomas Kitrick Thomas Kitrick Directory Directory Search Office of the Dean Dean's Advisory Board Faculty Staff Post Docs Ph.D. Students Contact Us Software and Information Systems Adjunct Professor tjkitric@uncc.edu alumni scholarship fund The Alumni Gives Scholarship allows students to pursue their dreams and contribute to the technology community. This needs-based scholarship empowers students to overcome financial hurdles while pursuing their education goals and gives preference to underrepresented populations within the CCI student body. Give to alumni Crowdfund Additional Campus Resources Campus Links Alerts Jobs Make a Gift Maps / Directions Accessibility Resources Alumni & Friends Faculty & Staff Prospective Students Community Current Students Parents and Family Stay In Touch facebook instagram flickr linkedin twitter youtube maps The University of North Carolina at Charlotte 9201 University City Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28223-0001 704-687-8622 2020 UNC Charlotte | All Rights Reserved Contact Us | Terms of Use | University Policies 
 Skip to main content Alumni & Friends Community Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Family Prospective Students Campus Resources My UNC Charlotte Directory Campus Events Library Prospective Students About UNC Charlotte Campus Life Admissions Graduate Admissions Faculty and Staff Human Resources Auxiliary Services Inside UNC Charlotte Academic Affairs Current Students Athletics Financial Aid Advising Student Health Center Alumni and Friends Alumni Association Advancement Foundation Make a Gift Toggle navigation College of Computing and Informatics Facebook Twitter Maps Home About Us CCI Information, Updates and FAQs - Coronavirus The Dean's Welcome Map and Directions CCI Brochure - 2019 Technology Resources Diversity Job Opportunities Mission and Values Policies and Procedures Dean Mili's Blog - Treading Softly CCI Alumni Network Giving Directory Directory Search Office of the Dean Dean's Advisory Board Faculty Staff Post Docs Ph.D. Students Contact Us Calendar Departments CCI Departments Bioinformatics and Genomics (BiG) Computer Science (CS) Software and Information Systems (SIS) Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Studies Graduate Programs Doctoral Degrees Graduate Certificates CCI Honors Program Research CCI Research Areas Research Office Research Opportunity Database NEW Funding Opportunities Funded Research Database Faculty Areas of Expertise Labs and Centers CCI Innovation Fund Research Seminars Undergraduate Research Research FAQ Student Life Student Life at UNC Charlotte Student Center CCI Advising CCI Mentoring Learning Community Technology Resources Laptop Policy Student Resources Undergraduate Tutoring Student Clubs & Organizations CCI Dean's Ambassador Program Scholarships Partners Business Partners Media News Photo Galleries Video Archive Home Bruce Long Bruce Long Directory Directory Search Office of the Dean Dean's Advisory Board Faculty Staff Post Docs Ph.D. Students Contact Us Software and Information Systems Assistant Chair, Undergraduate Programs Woodward 310E 704-687-8441 nblong@uncc.edu Personal Website: http://webpages.uncc.edu/nblong/ alumni scholarship fund The Alumni Gives Scholarship allows students to pursue their dreams and contribute to the technology community. This needs-based scholarship empowers students to overcome financial hurdles while pursuing their education goals and gives preference to underrepresented populations within the CCI student body. Give to alumni Crowdfund Additional Campus Resources Campus Links Alerts Jobs Make a Gift Maps / Directions Accessibility Resources Alumni & Friends Faculty & Staff Prospective Students Community Current Students Parents and Family Stay In Touch facebook instagram flickr linkedin twitter youtube maps The University of North Carolina at Charlotte 9201 University City Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28223-0001 704-687-8622 2020 UNC Charlotte | All Rights Reserved Contact Us | Terms of Use | University Policies 
 Skip to main content Alumni & Friends Community Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents & Family Prospective Students Campus Resources My UNC Charlotte Directory Campus Events Library Prospective Students About UNC Charlotte Campus Life Admissions Graduate Admissions Faculty and Staff Human Resources Auxiliary Services Inside UNC Charlotte Academic Affairs Current Students Athletics Financial Aid Advising Student Health Center Alumni and Friends Alumni Association Advancement Foundation Make a Gift Toggle navigation College of Computing and Informatics Facebook Twitter Maps Home About Us CCI Information, Updates and FAQs - Coronavirus The Dean's Welcome Map and Directions CCI Brochure - 2019 Technology Resources Diversity Job Opportunities Mission and Values Policies and Procedures Dean Mili's Blog - Treading Softly CCI Alumni Network Giving Directory Directory Search Office of the Dean Dean's Advisory Board Faculty Staff Post Docs Ph.D. Students Contact Us Calendar Departments CCI Departments Bioinformatics and Genomics (BiG) Computer Science (CS) Software and Information Systems (SIS) Academics Academic Programs Undergraduate Studies Graduate Programs Doctoral Degrees Graduate Certificates CCI Honors Program Research CCI Research Areas Research Office Research Opportunity Database NEW Funding Opportunities Funded Research Database Faculty Areas of Expertise Labs and Centers CCI Innovation Fund Research Seminars Undergraduate Research Research FAQ Student Life Student Life at UNC Charlotte Student Center CCI Advising CCI Mentoring Learning Community Technology Resources Laptop Policy Student Resources Undergraduate Tutoring Student Clubs & Organizations CCI Dean's Ambassador Program Scholarships Partners Business Partners Media News Photo Galleries Video Archive Home Mary Lou Maher Mary Lou Maher Directory Directory Search Office of the Dean Dean's Advisory Board Faculty Staff Post Docs Ph.D. Students Contact Us Software and Information Systems Professor and Chair, Software and Information Systems Woodward 310A-B 704-687-1940 m.maher@uncc.edu Personal Website: http://maryloumaher.net Degree Institution: Carnegie Mellon University (1984) Degree: Ph.D. Research Description: Mary Lous research interests span a broad area of design and computing, specifically the study and development of novel interaction and communications technology, and models of design and creativity. Her research draws on and contributes to human-computer interaction, intelligent systems, computer-supported collaborative work, design science, and computational creativity. Her current research has a focus on developing social-computational models and new technology as we scale up from creativity enhancing human-computer interaction, through effective collaborative systems, to large-scale and highly motivating collective intelligence and crowdsourcing. Some highlights of her recent research are: developing models of motivation, innovation, and diversity in collective intelligence, designing tangible and immersive interaction environments and evaluating their impact on creative cognition; the design and study of virtual worlds for collaboration and education; and developing computational models of curiosity for extending the functionality of search and motivated reinforcement learning algorithms. Mary Lou Maher, Ph.D., most recently a Senior Research Scientist in the iSchool at theUniversity of Maryland and Honorary Professor of Design Computing in the Design Lab at the University of Sydney, is joining the College of Computing and Informatics as the Chair of the Department of Software and Information Systems. Mary Lou completed a BSc at Columbia University in 1979, and a MS and Ph.D. at Carnegie Mellon University, completing the Ph.D. in 1984. As the Professor of Design Computing at the University of Sydney she was co-Director of the Key Centre of Design Computing and she established a new degree program: the Bachelor of Design Computing. While at the National Science Foundation (NSF) from 2006-2010, she was Deputy Director of the Information and Intelligent Systems Division and a Program Director. At NSF, she established the CreativeIT program and helped manage the Human Centered Computing, Cyber-Enabled Discovery and Innovation, Design Science, and Social-Computational Systems Programs. While at the University of Maryland, she developed collaborative projects on crowdsourcing design for citizen science and introduced design thinking to graduate projects in information management. alumni scholarship fund The Alumni Gives Scholarship allows students to pursue their dreams and contribute to the technology community. This needs-based scholarship empowers students to overcome financial hurdles while pursuing their education goals and gives preference to underrepresented populations within the CCI student body. Give to alumni Crowdfund Additional Campus Resources Campus Links Alerts Jobs Make a Gift Maps / Directions Accessibility Resources Alumni & Friends Faculty & Staff Prospective Students Community Current Students Parents and Family Stay In Touch facebook instagram flickr linkedin twitter youtube maps The University of North Carolina at Charlotte 9201 University City Blvd, Charlotte, NC 28223-0001 704-687-8622 2020 UNC Charlotte | All Rights Reserved Contact Us | Terms of Use | University Policies 
